Movin' Right Along

First off, we've got some belated release notes as we've done a few updates
since my last posting. We've been making tweaks and fixes all over the place
but here are the main things:

<ul>
<li>We've added a damage display that tells ya how much damage a shot did and
reports whether any special effects were involved like the <span
class="highlight">Lucky Horseshoe</span> or the <span class="highlight">Iron
Plate</span>.</li>

<li>We've added a star near the crosshairs when yer targeting an opponent's
<span class="highlight">Big Shot</span> so that you kin easily factor that into
yer plannin'.</li>

<li>We changed the <span class="highlight">Claim</span> into a <span
class="highlight">Steam Tank</span> for the <span class="highlight">Gold
Rush</span> scenario to make it clearer which scenario yer playin' and we've
added a <span class="highlight">Rustling Post</span> to the <span
class="highlight">Cattle Rustling</span> scenario to remind ya of where yer
units are going to respawn. We also show ya how many cattle are in yer herd
over the <span class="highlight">Rustling Post</span>.</li>

<li>We modified <span class="highlight">Cattle Rustling</span> to grant one
point per branded cattle per tick in addition to the 50 points ya get fer
havin' a cattle at the end of the game. We're aimin' to reward players for
holdin' onto cattle for a longer time without taking away the fun and
excitement of last minute rebrandin'.</li>

<li>We added hotkeys for selecting cards. You can press 1, 2 or 3 to activate a
card instead of clickin' on it. We also now open the chat input window when ya
press return as well as space.</li>

<li>We rebalanced some of the units. The <span
class="highlight">Gunslinger</span> is now better against ground units, the
<span class="highlight">Dirigible</span> is no longer weak versus just about
everything, and the <span class="highlight">Cavalry</span> has been toned down
a bit so that he doesn't outshine the other <span class="highlight">Big
Shots</span>. We appreciate yer patience as we tune these things up.</li>

<li>We've also fixed a bunch of bugs, introduced some new ones, fixed those and
no doubt introduced some more. Yee haw!</li>
</ul>
</p>

<p>We've been makin' great progress on the <span class="highlight">Indian
Tradin' Post</span> content. We've got a sneak peek at the new main town scene
that mighty we're excited ta show ya. Rest yer eyes on this a spell:</p>

<script language="JavaScript">
//<![CDATA[
function show(image) {
  window.open("/screenshots/2006/06/shot.html?" + image, "image",
    "resizable=no,status=no,width=1034,height=778,dependent=yes");
  return false;
}
//]]>
</script>
<p align="center"><a href="/screenshots/2006/06/shot.html?indian_post"
 onclick="return show('indian_post')">
<img src="/screenshots/2006/06/thumbs/indian_post.jpg"
 border="0" alt=""/></a></p>

<p>As some of ya have discovered, we've got one of the new ITP scenarios up and
running here at the OOO ranch: <span class="highlight">Totem Building</span>.
We'll let ya stew on how that one works fer a little while and spill the beans
on it in the next update.</p>

<p>We also have some new cards up our sleeve that we're going to roll out in an
update purdy soon, so you kin look forward to some new fun stuff to tide ya
over until ITP is ready for action.</p>

<p>That's all fer now pardners,</p>

<p align="right">- <a href="mailto:mdb@threerings.net">Sheriff Mike</a>
