Last Hurrah

Howdy pardners! I've got a few bits to jaw at ya, and some details on a bug fix
patch that we put up today. Firstly the patch notes:

<ul>
<li> If your computer gets too far behind in animating the moves (which happens
on computers with less powerful graphics accelerators), the game will stop
doing animations for a bit and just jump pieces into place to help you catch
up. </li>

<li> We changed a few of the <span class="highlight">Badges</span>, mostly name
changes and image tweaks. </li>

<li> We modified the <span class="highlight">Pardner Chat</span> tabs so that
they'll maintain the history of your chat with yer pardner seamlessly if you
move between the Saloon and other places where the tabs are shown in a popup
window. </li>

<li> We added fancy new visual effects to <span class="highlight">Wendigo
Attack</span> and dropped the number of Wendigo that are shown during an attack
to one to hopefully make things work better for computers with less powerful
graphics accelerators. </li>

<li> We now ignore players that have not played a scenario in the last two
weeks when computing the <span class="highlight">Top Ranked</span> lists. You
got to keep playin' to hold onto yer title. </li>

<li> We fixed a bunch of bugs: the coloring of the <span
class="highlight">Battered Fox Skull Hat</span>, a problem with changing your
Handle, a problem with the <span class="highlight">Thunderbird AI</span>, a
problem with matchmaking with "Include previous towns" checked, a problem with
the <span class="highlight">Lightning Card</span> and various others that would
require a heap o' technical jargon to explain. </li>

</ul>
</p>

<p> The next thing I want to jabber about is the end of Beta. We're going to be
declaring Beta to be ended this <span class="highlight">Friday, December 1st at
High Noon (Pacific Standard Time)</span>. </p>

<p> What does this mean exactly? Well the main thing is that players are no
longer going to get a free ride to the <span class="highlight">Indian Trading
Post</span>. They'll have to buy a ticket. But it also means that we're going
to be givin' out our <span class="highlight">Beta Tester Rewards</span>, which
I reckon yer all going to enjoy. You'll be gettin':</p>

<ul>
<li> One free ticket to <span class="highlight">Indian Trading Post</span>. </li>
<li> One official <span class="highlight">Beta Tester Badge</span>. </li>
</ul>

<p> One thing to note is that everyone who registered and logged on during the
Beta will receive the <span class="highlight">Beta Tester Badge</span>, but
only those players that played at least <span class="highlight">20 Ranked
Games</span> will receive the free ticket to <span class="highlight">Indian
Trading Post</span>. We reckon that ya aught to have done yer job if yer gonna
get paid fer it. </p>

<p> So if ya got friends that ya think might like <span class="highlight">Bang!
Howdy</span>, tell 'em to get their hide on over here and sign up fer the Beta
because it's their last chance to get a free ticket to ITP. </p>

<p align="right">- <a href="mailto:mdb@threerings.net">Sheriff Mike</a>
