Take a load off pardner, and have a look around

This here's the website fer Three Rings' forthcoming multiplayer tactical
strategy game, <b>Bang! Howdy&#8482;</b>. If ya just fell off the turnip truck,
then you'll want to read <a href="/about.html">about the game</a> so ya have
some idea of what we're talking about.</p>

<p> If yer antsy fer a look at the game have a gander at our
<a href="/screenshots/">screen shots</a>:<br/></p>

<p> <a href="/screenshots/"><img border=0 src="/screenshots/2006/03/thumbs/hilltown_shot1.jpg" alt="Hill Town"/></a>
<a href="/screenshots/"><img border=0 src="/screenshots/2006/03/thumbs/sunset_shot4.jpg" alt="Sunset"/></a></p>

<p> We're startin' our closed alpha testing on Monday the 27th of March, so we
figgered it was high time we got to talkin' to you prospective cowpokes. A
whole heap of ya have been kind enough to sign up to be notified when that
testing starts, and we're going to be sendin' off email to the first batch of
folks this very weekend!</p>

<p> The rest of ya will no doubt be wantin' to get in on the action, so I'll
give ya a rundown on how we're going to work this operation. On Monday we'll
start fixed hours testing, most likely in the evenings. Assuming things are
going smoothly, we're going to keep sendin' off invites to more players while
we're busy fixin' all them pesky bugs that will no doubt be creepin' up.</p>

<p> In the meanwhile, y'all should <a href="/register/register.wm">sign up</a>
fer an account (assumin' ya don't already have one from Puzzle Pirates) so that
we can send ya an email invitation when the time is right.</p>

<p> When we're confident that things are workin' well and that we've ironed out
any major problems and imbalances, we'll throw the doors wide open and invite
everybody to come on down and give 'er a wrangle. You can keep an eye on this
here site for status updates and information on when the public beta will
start. We're high-tech cowboys here at the Triple-O Ranch, so we've got an <a
href="/index.rss">RSS feed</a> for those of y'all that prefer to get yer news
that way.</p>

<p> Thanks fer stoppin' by. Yee haw!</p>
<p align="right">- <a href="mailto:mdb@threerings.net">Sheriff Mike</a>
